writers who can't generate traffic are
just writers but writers who can't
generate traffics are marketers hey
everyone I'm Neil Patel and today I'm
going to teach you how to stop being
just a Content writer and how to become
a marketer
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this Channel and if you're
on YouTube click the alert notification
look writing is a great skill doing
research on new topics and skills is
really important and being able to write
on topics that are new to you with a
certain degree of technical you know
breath is really important and writing
enables you to reach new audience for
your clients business owners in general
don't know how to write in a way that
works well for Content marketing but
there's a problem positioning yourself
at a rider can only take you so far as
the amount of content you write you know
is just the amount of content you only
have so much time in a day but and this
is a solution position yourself as a
marketer that can turn that content to
visitors and customers and generate Roi
will allow you to charge your premium
and make more for your time as a writer
you're just focused on doing content
research interpreting data from industry
reports outlining writing with Clarity
correct grammar no spelling issues I
definitely mess up on the spelling all
the time even though I use grammarly
content editing or writing as much as
possible for your clients and the more
content that you write the more you're
going to get paid but as a marketer you
should be focused on understanding your
ideal buyers pain points the questions
the needs and the wants in each step of
the buyer Journey getting a deep
understanding of search demand for the
keywords you're going after and if you
do that you're going to be much better
off you want to excel at competitive
research and knowing how to Output from
competitors in quality and length
traffic and Revenue
writing headlines is also a very key
part
not just being a writer but also being a
marketer because 8 out of 10 people will
look at your headlines and read it but
only two out of ten will quickly read
the rest of the article if you can't get
people to click through and read the
rest you're not going to get the
conversions
dumbing down complex ideas into
bite-sized digestible content is also
very important especially as a marketer
great example of this is infographics so
you can take detailed content and turn
it into a beautiful infographic which
you can do through canva and then push
that out on the web great way to
generate more income and creating
content outlines that have amazing
subheadings H1s H2S h3s they're super
important and you want to write in a way
that supports your sales lead
generations and Business Schools doing
relevant contextual interlinking is also
important when you write your old
content should link you to your new
content when it makes sense and your new
content should link to your old content
I also want you to improve your meta
descriptions with great CTA so you can
increase your SEO tools like clickflow
help with that you also want to tell
great stories because when you tell
great stories you can really get people
engaged and then get them to convert and
of course you need to have your call to
actions because without the call to
actions you want generating gravity look
if I had to sum it all along if you're a
writer and you want to turn more into a
marketer I will start off by doing
something really really simple right
there's a lot of things you can do but
if I just had a breakdown of one thing
to do so that way your content will
start getting more traffic
I want you to type in your keywords
related to your content into ubersuggest
and when you do that you'll see all the
popular keywords related to those
phrases
take other ones that are very related
that could be integrated into your
article and put them in there and when
you do that you'll start ranking for
more terms
then I want you to take your content and
start linking to products or services
that you offer within your content so
that way your content can start driving
traffic and sales to your products
then I want you to take your keywords
and type in ubersuggest when you're on
the content ideas report you can see all
the other people that are rank for those
keywords right it'll end up showing you
that serp data
and look at those urls type in those
URLs see who's linking to them take that
data
and then reach out to those sites and
ask them to also link back to you now if
you can push your link emails when
you're doing your Outreach emails and
show the benefit so if I just email you
and I say hey John check out my article
it's amazing link to me No One's Gonna
link to me but if I say hey John I
notice you linked to this article on
Facebook marketing and how your audience
can do it just to let you know that
article is a little bit outdated and old
Facebook's change our algorithm here's
the latest and greatest and by the way
here's this infographic version that
breaks down in simple steps feel for an
embedded and Link back to me if you like
it
that's how you get links because you're
providing value to Their audience it's
not about you it's about them if you do
that you'll start turning yourself from
a writer into a marketer start with that
and if you need help with your content
marketing getting traffic to your site
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share to
appeal about it if you've got any
questions leave a comment